[Music]
Long it will be alright
But there is going to be a big problem, I
thought about it because of the insurance
[Music]
Before I say anything, the surgery
[Music] It seems
comfortable, it does
n't seem comfortable,
if the hospital's name is not in the list, then it wo
n't be cashless either, don't teach me
[Music] Let me
tell you,
Papa, it is
not ICC Lombard's, it is anywhere cashless
facility, it will be there
now, for the first time in India,
go to any hospital and get ICC
Lombard's cashless facility, you just have to
inform 24 hours before the hospitalisation,
I already did it yesterday
[Music]
What is it, Papa, think about it in front of everyone,
I have learnt it
[Music]
That is why it is there, for the first time in India, I got
treatment in any hospital that is cashless and
got the same comfort of ICC Lombard
[Music]